README.md, before:

# SpringMVCFilmSite

# Hi 👋, I'm Jacob Stuart
### Programming student with Skill Distillery

- I’m currently working on [SpringMVCFilmSite](https://github.com/VulcanMindForge/SpringMVCFilmSite)

- I’m currently learning **Full-Stack Developement**

- All of my projects are available at [https://github.com/VulcanMindForge](https://github.com/VulcanMindForge)

# Description of this project
Site that will allow a user to search a database based on various criteria.
- Actor
- Language
- Title/Description
- Film ID
- Category

# How to use this project
Access the site and respond to the prompts to search the database.

# Technologies Used
Overall I am learning and using Eclipse IDE. Previously I was trying to use as many topics as possible to increase my understanding and retention. Moving forward, I will be trying to keep the topics down to only what seems best for the program.

I will be pulling from the following languages.
- Java 1.8
- MySQL
- Maven
- Spring
- JDBC

# Current Progress
- Created basic project
- Implemented home page
- Implemented search criteria
- Implemented DAO objects and Film Controller


# Next Steps
- Implement Film and Actor JSP
- Implement Error page
- Clean up and Implement CSS/Page views

# Lessons learned or reinforced on this project
- SQL queries
- TAG Library
- HTML parameters
- HTML/CSS in general

# Lessons to research
- Connection pooling

Commit message:

Implemented error page. Implemented navigation via links between actor, film, category. Resolved error with number format when searching by film ID.

README.md, after:

# SpringMVCFilmSite

# Hi 👋, I'm Jacob Stuart
### Programming student with Skill Distillery

- I’m currently working on [SpringMVCFilmSite](https://github.com/VulcanMindForge/SpringMVCFilmSite)

- I’m currently learning **Full-Stack Developement**

- All of my projects are available at [https://github.com/VulcanMindForge](https://github.com/VulcanMindForge)

# Description of this project
Site that will allow a user to search a database based on various criteria.
- Actor
- Language
- Title/Description
- Film ID
- Category

# How to use this project
Access the site and respond to the prompts to search the database.

# Technologies Used
Overall I am learning and using Eclipse IDE. Previously I was trying to use as many topics as possible to increase my understanding and retention. Moving forward, I will be trying to keep the topics down to only what seems best for the program.

I will be pulling from the following languages.
- Java 1.8
- MySQL
- Maven
- Spring
- JDBC

# Current Progress
- Created basic project
- Implemented home page
- Implemented search criteria
- Implemented DAO objects and Film Controller
- Implemented Error page
- Implemented Film and Actor JSP with linking


# Next Steps
- Clean up and Implement CSS/Page views
- Add home link at the top of each page

# Lessons learned or reinforced on this project
- SQL queries
- TAG Library
- HTML parameters
- HTML/CSS in general

# Lessons to research
- Connection pooling
